Add User Group Sharing UMAPI docs (#91)
adobe-apiplatform/umapi-documentation: docs/en/api/glossary.md

| User-group ID                                                                            | A unique Adobe-assigned number used to identify a user-group. For examples, `46842488`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| <a name="usergroupAdmin" class="api-ref-subtitle">User-group Administrator</a>           | A user role in an organization. Administers assigned user-group descriptions, managing all associated administrative functions, such as adding and removing users from groups. See full discussion at [Administrative Roles](https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/using/admin-roles.html#).                                                                                                                                                |

> | <a name="sharedUserGroup" class="api-ref-subtitle">Shared User Group</a>                 | In the Global Admin Console, Shared user groups allows you to use a single user management source to sync user groups and the associated users to multiple Admin Consoles. See full discussion at [Share User Groups](https://www.adobe.com/go/user_group_share)                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="sharedUserGroup" class="api-ref-subtitle">Shared User Group</a>                 | In the Global Admin Console, Shared user groups allows you to use a single user management source to sync user groups and the associated users to multiple Admin Consoles. Further information available at [Share User Groups](https://www.adobe.com/go/user_group_share)                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
